Add nanoarrow 0.6.0 release post (#545)
apache/arrow-site: _posts/2024-10-07-nanoarrow-0.6.0-release.md

In nanoarrow 0.5.0 and earlier, the bundled single-file amalgamation was included in
the `dist/` subdirectory or could be generated using a specially-crafted CMake
command. The nanoarrow 0.6.0 release removes the pre-compiled includes and migrates
the code used to generate it to Python. This setup is less confusing for contributors
(whose editors would frequently jump into the wrong `nanoarrow.h`) and is a less confusing
use of CMake. Users can generate the `dist/` subdirectory as it previously existed
with:

``` shell
python ci/scripts/bundle.py \
  --source-output-dir=dist \
  --include-output-dir=dist \
  --header-namespace= \
  --with-device \
  --with-ipc \
  --with-testing \
  --with-flatcc
```

Second, the Arrow IPC and ArrowDeviceArray implementations previously lived in the `extensions/`
subdirectory of the repository. This was helpful during the initial development of these
features; however, the nanoarrow 0.6.0 release added the requisite feature coverage and testing
such that the appropriate home for them is now the main `src/` directory. As such, one
can now build nanoarrow with IPC and/or device support using:

``` shell

> mkdir build && cd build
> cmake .. -DNANOARROW_IPC=ON -DNANOARROW_DEVICE=ON

Reviewer: We can simplify this:

```suggestion
cmake -S . -B build -DNANOARROW_IPC=ON -DNANOARROW_DEVICE=ON
```

```

## Features

### Float16, StringView, and REE Support

The nanoarrow 0.6.0 release adds support for Arrow's float16 (half float), string view,
and run-end encoding support. The C library supports building float16 arrays using
`ArrowArrayAppendDouble()` and supports building string view and binary view arrays
using `ArrowArrayAppendString()` and/or `ArrowArrayAppendBytes()` and supports consuming
using `ArrowArrayViewGetStringUnsafe()` and/or `ArrowArrayViewGetBytesUnsafe()`. R and
Python users can request a string view or float16 type when building an array, and
conversion back to R/Python strings is suppored.

``` python
# pip install nanoarrow
# conda install nanoarrow -c conda-forge
import nanoarrow as na

na.Array(["abc", "def", None], na.string_view())
#> nanoarrow.Array<string_view>[3]
#> 'abc'
#> 'def'
#> None
na.Array([1, 2, 3], na.float16())
#> nanoarrow.Array<half_float>[3]
#> 1.0
#> 2.0
#> 3.0
```

``` r
# install.packages("nanoarrow")
library(nanoarrow)

as_nanoarrow_array(c("abc", "def", NA), schema = na_string_view()) |>
  convert_array()
#> [1] "abc" "def" NA
as_nanoarrow_array(c(1, 2, 3), schema = na_half_float()) |>
  convert_array()
#> [1] 1 2 3
```

> Support for creating/consuming run-end encoding arrays by element is not yet
> support in C, R, or Python; however, arrays can be built or consumed by assembling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Creating/consuming run-end encoding arrays by element is not yet
supported in C, R, or Python; however, arrays can be built or consumed by assembling
```
